you super strain of rabies reading
faster that can be contained fetus
super-violent
[Music]
there is no treatment there is no cure
the turns humans into violent predators
the communication is impossible except
for me ready I can't speak down language
why I've been bitten but not turn
we are hidden underground in a nuclear
silo we searched desperately for patient
zero we cannot reverse engineer a
vaccine without patient zero the music's
not affecting him at all nothing you
assume we're all the same something new
and smart is evolving you know anything
about patient zero it's only a matter of
time trust me even that time is a luxury
you cannot afford
converged do I look sick to you and I
don't think that we're the disease we're
the cure to get rid of the human
infection we will continue to fight
those daddy's what we do
I suggest you ask yourself who's winning
what can you see
[Music]